---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---
---
title: Looking Back at Building an Extension
---
This week we presented on our Firefox Extension. We built an extension that displays the weekly weather forecast for NYC. The image that appears is the abc7 weather forecast for NYC for the week. Working on the extension allowed me to learn a lot about building an extension, Javascript, GitHub, and team work. Since everyone in the group came from different backgrounds and since my team members were more experienced than me, I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to learn from my groups members. 

One of the main things I learned from this project was how to navigate GitHub. From class and from the project, I was able to learn how to use terminal to upload onto GitHub. I was also able to learn all the terminology associated with GitHub such as, push, commit, fork, etc. I also was able to understand the basics of HTML and Javascript. 

From working in a team, I was able to learn that I enjoy working with my team in person rather than over slack. I found that my meeting up with my team we were able to get more work done and clearly communicate our ideas. I think in the future, especially when working on future projects, I will need to get more comfortable with using Slack as the main form of communication. I think for my team specifically we could have focused on the ReadMe more. I think we were very focused on getting the extension itself and forgot to take a closer look at other aspects of the project. 

I really enjoyed seeing the other groups' presentations, especially the Virtual Dice and Coin Flipping extension. I think the visual effects for the extension were very cool. Also, I thought that the extension idea was quite useful. Another extension that I thought that could be useful was the time extension, which showed the time of all the NYU campuses. I think all the extensions that were built could allow for more features to be added in the future. 
