---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


By definition, open source is a form of source code which allows any user to change
and improve the code. Furthermore, open source also means that any person can
distribute the code for any purpose. In my opinion, this format of allowing anyone to
modify the source code can create a sense of community among those enhancing the
code. Having multiple people come together to improve code allows coders to learn
from one another and collaborate on a meaningful and impactful project. This
demonstrates one of open sources biggest advantages - collaboration. By having many
people working together, bugs can be quickly fixed by anyone who comes across an
issue. Since many people are analyzing the code, bugs can be fixed efficiently
creating secure code. Another major advantage of open source is that it is generally
free and can save companies and people a great deal of money. 

While we can see the advantages of open source, there are a few disadvantages to
consider. For example, it can often be difficult to collaborate with large groups of
people. As a team grows and there is a large number of collaborators, it may become
difficult to remain focused and maintain a clear focus for the project. Managing
large teams can be very difficult and this may slow down the progress. Furthermore,
an increasing number of contributors can also prove to be a security risk because not
every individual will be working for the good of the project. Hackers and other
ill-intentioned individuals could jeopardize the project. Furthermore, since open
source allows anyone to modify and distribute the source code, there may be
individuals who try to distribute the source code for evil purposes.

Open source has played a significant role in my education in Computer Science. I
began coding in Python which is open source. Python was super easier to learn due to
the fact the code itself can be easily read by anyone. The simplification of more
complex languages allowed me to develop my interest in computer science.  One of the
first IDEs, I ever used was Eclipse and eclipse’s easy to use environment allowed me
to learn debugging quickly and efficiently. Javascript and Atom are also other OSS
that I have often used and hope to become more familiar with in the future. I was
able to use Javascript over the summer at my internship at a healthcare startup.  

Most of my education in computer science has not allowed for a great deal of group
work. However, when working in industry, I presume there will be a great deal of
collaboration with others. I hope that from this class I can learn more about and
develop my team working skills. In the future, I know I will often have to read and
understand code that other’s have written and I hope from this class I will be able
to gain a better understanding of how to do that. Lastly, I think OSS is becoming
increasingly popular and I would love to learn more about the interesting and
revolutionary projects people are developing.
