---
layout: post
title: Week 13 Continuing to Work on Oppia 
---

Updates on Wireframes
---------------------
In the past week, we have been receiving updates on our wireframes for the desktop and mobile site from members of the Oppia team. Over the week, we have been all working on incorporating these changes on the wireframes. 

When we initially started this project, I assumed that wireframing and designing would be a quick process and that a bulk of our time would be spent coding the site. In reality, we have spent most of the time working on our wireframes and creating multiple designs of the site. From working with Oppia, I have learned all the work that actually goes into designing the site and all the collaboration required to make a site perfect. We have been working with members of the Oppia team to edit the design and content of the site. 

Most of the edits we are receiving now are minor changes to the site. Hopefully, our wireframes will be perfect by the end of the week.

Coding the Welcome Guide Page
-----------------------------
As we make the finishing edits on our wireframes, we have been coding the first page of the Welcome Guide (the new name for the partnership package). When we initially started this project, we all assumed that coding this page would be fairly easy and straightforward. We were wrong; the Oppia codebase is very large and all the pages are all interconnected. Using Oppia’s documentation we were able to determine how to navigate the codebase and successfully build our page. 

As we were coding, we ran into a few obstacles. For example, we struggled with figuring out how to incorporate an image on our page. We spoke to Sean, the Oppia director, on how to do this and he helped us comb through the code and gave us guidance on how to add images. After exploring the code, we were able to figure it out. Another issue we ran into was incorporating translations. The Oppia site can be translated into various languages and it was very important that are page could also be viewed in various languages. After analyzing a few other Oppia pages, we were able to figure out how to add translations. 

Next Steps
----------
In the next week, we are hoping on making our first PR on the Oppia repository. We will then start coding our second page. Hopefully, we will be able to quickly finish the next pages since we have a better understanding of the code base. 

Working with Oppia
------------------
Working with Oppia in the last few weeks has been very rewarding. I have learned a lot about the collaboration needed to build a site. While building this site, we have spoken to teachers, designers, and coders. Using all of their insights, we hope to have built a useful and valuable site. I think we all are very excited about the pages we have designed and built. 
